I Want The Brand Threat Module To Be Advance With Less False Positive. Here Are Few Things I Want In This Module. Plan It How To Build And Implement It For Real Assets.

Comprehensive Assets Tracker: Track all digital assets across various platforms to ensure comprehensive monitoring for external threat protection.

Surface, Deep, and Dark Web Monitoring: Continuously scan the entire internet, including the surface, deep, and dark web, for potential threats and mentions of your organization

Integrated Threat Intelligence: Incorporate threat intelligence from multiple sources for a comprehensive understanding of the external threat landscape

I Want The Expose Assets To Be Tracked On

Keywords

Logos

Domains

Subdomain

IP Addresses

Emails

Social Media Accounts

Mobile Apps

Brand and Social Media Monitoring: Continuously track social media platforms and online spaces for brand impersonation, abuse, and unauthorized use to protect your brand’s reputation from external threats

Fake URLs, Apps and Phishing Detection: Identify and eliminate fraudulent websites, apps, and phishing attempts that could harm your brand and mislead your customers

Powerful Takedown Services: : Ensure rapid and complete removal of malicious content from the web to protect against external threats

For Brand Threat Monitoring
Fake Domain Monitoring
Fake App monitoring
Rogue Application Monitoring
Brand abuse monitoring
Platform reports of brand threats such as phishing sites, fake domains, fake customer care numbers, rogue mobile applications that are critical for the success of your business and identity

Web pages,Forums and Marketplaces
Social Media Pages
Fake Customer Care Numbers and listings
Data Leaks Monitoring
It offers real-time visibility into potential data breaches and provides automated alerts to keep users informed of any suspicious activity.
Dark Sites, Marketplaces
Code Hosting Sites, Document Sharing Sites
Large data Breaches, IRC, I2P Pages and Telegram etc
Typosquatting
Typosquatting helps you monitor and identify permutations of your domains that are at risk of typosquatting.
List All Registered Domain With Below Info:

Domain
Malicious activity
A records
NS records
MX records
Date last scanned
Registration
In Details Page For Each permutations domains

Status: Registered Or Unregistered
Update history
Geo IP
Registrar abuse contact
A Records
NS Records
MX Records
Whois
List All Un-Registered Domain With Below Info:

Domain
A records
NS records
MX records
You Can Use https://www.bigdomaindata.com/ & https://who.is/ etc... to get this details.

Deeper Context: Gain deeper context behind every threat reported
Asset List: An asset and watchword led approach towards monitoring threats
Specific Intelligence: Targeted intelligence very specific to organisations
All in one place: Identify leaked credentials, exposed data, and conversations
Takedowns: Cohesive takedowns support offered
Report: Export results into pdfs
Go Through Each And Every Line Of Requirement And Understand It Properly. Do Proper Research On These. Visit Internet For More Info.

Also You Can Suggest Few Things To Do This Effectively And Production Ready.

Ask questions if required.

All the flow should be real and not stimulated.

All data should be real and no dumy or stimulated data should be there.